NRL docs: unified mkdocs.yml, GitHub Pages + Docker doc CI, and extraction refresh (#1931)
NVIDIA/nv-ingest: docs/docs/extraction/getting-started-about.md

2. Confirm [Prerequisites](prerequisites.md) and the [Support matrix](support-matrix.md) for your OS, GPU, and software stack.
3. Deploy using one of:
    - [Library mode](quickstart-library-mode.md) (without full stack containers where appropriate)

>     - [Deployment options](deployment-options.md) for how to run the reference microservices stack

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - [Deployment options](deployment-options.md) for how to run NeMo Retriever Library
```
